‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎See you tomorrow!
‎So, Nino, homework at my place tonight?
‎Uh... you sure we said tonight?
‎Well, see... Uh...
‎I kind of promised Adrien
‎I'd drop off the school work
‎he missed today
‎'cause of his shoot!
‎No worries, guys!
‎You go and do your homework together,
‎and I'll drop off the lessons
‎at Adrien's later on.
‎You sure? Thanks, Marinette!
‎That's terrible! You hear that, Chloé?
‎Aurore's GPA dropped a whole point
‎on her last report card!
‎You can't be Little Miss Weather Girl
‎and Little Miss Good Grades
‎at the same time!
‎Better not to make her cry
‎or she might turn into Stormy Weather
‎and start raining on us!
‎What a ridiculous power!
‎ ‎Utterly ridiculous!
‎Aurore won't be transforming.
‎Her grades will be up again next term!
‎-Just ask if you need any help.
‎-Thanks, Marinette!
‎Yeah, right!
‎Once a villain, always a villain!
‎Unlike you, Chloé,
‎people do change for the better!
‎Well, you will never change,
‎Marinette Dupain-Cheng!
‎You'll always be... "Adri-dumb,"
‎I mean, "Adri-bumd, A-blayblay"... Lame!
‎And you, Alya Césaire,
‎you still haven't found out
‎who Ladybug is, right?
‎Well, you two are made for each other.
‎You're both just as clueless as the other.
‎Back to you now.
‎Huh!
‎She's gone now, because of you two!
‎And I wasn't even halfway done
‎trashing her.
‎Come on, Sabrina!
‎Chloé might not be completely
‎wrong, you know, Tikki.
‎I haven't changed.
‎I always fail when I try to have
‎a basic conversation with Adrien!
‎When I'm in front of him
‎my heart beats like crazy
‎and my words make no sense whatsoever!
‎It seems like I'm paralyzed.
‎ Hey!
‎-Hey!
‎-I... I wanted to, um...
‎gift you a make.
‎I mean, gift you a give I made.
‎-I mean...
‎-Out of the way.
‎"Ah, beneath that strong disguise,
‎"every day we see each other
‎and I hope that you'll be mine.
‎"Together our love could be so true.
‎"Please will you be my Valentine?"
‎It's so beautiful!
‎But I'll never know what he thinks of me
‎or who this poem he wrote was meant for.
‎Oh, I am so, so lame!
‎You are not!
‎You've changed a lot
‎since the beginning of the year
‎and since you first met Adrien.
‎ ‎You're right, I have changed!
‎I got more and more clumsy
‎since I met him!
‎No! Think of all the things you've done
‎since the first day back at school.
‎You went to the movies with Adrien!
‎ ‎Yeah, how could I forget that?
‎In my PJs, wearing a towel.
‎ ‎True.
‎Maybe that wasn't the best example.
‎What about the time
‎you played video games
‎with him right here in your bedroom?
‎-Sorry.
‎-No, you go.
‎ ‎I'll use the other one.
‎ ‎And when you fenced with him?
‎Attaque. Touche. Fort.
‎-Continue.
‎-Thanks.
‎All I did was lunge.
‎You've got good reflexes.
‎ ‎Adrien has become a true friend!
‎You never got a chance to open
‎it with all that was going on.
‎I always carry the lucky charm
‎you gave me wherever I go,
‎and I think it works pretty well.
‎You're so wonderful. Uh... it's wonderful.
‎What a charm! The charm.
‎I mean, I'll wear the charm. With luck.
‎Uh, but, basically, um... thank you.
‎Adrien's become a friend
‎who I can talk to about anything,
‎except about feelings for him!
‎-It's better than nothing.
‎-Can you be in love with someone
‎even after they've become your friend?
‎Do you think I'll ever be able to tell him
‎that he means more to me
‎than just a friend?
‎ ‎To the attention of Ms Tsurugi.
‎Things may not be going exactly
‎the way we had planned,
‎but change can be a good thing.
‎I'm confident
‎it'll strengthen our agreement.
‎ ‎It's true.
‎Things aren't going as planned.
‎For me, either.
‎There's no point
‎in waiting for your father.
‎I should never have taken this job.
‎It's too much sometimes.
‎Practice your piano before you go to bed.
‎As I watched Adrien growing up,
‎my affection for him has grown too.
‎I'm sure he'll understand, sir.
‎ My dad's flaking, isn't he?
‎Let me guess. Something came up?
‎Yes, but he has reserved the best seats
‎in the house for you, Adrien.
‎Front row.
‎As usual. The best money can buy.
‎The fencing hall is booked for 6:05pm
‎and the Chinese classroom for 6:35pm,
‎just as you wished.
‎And remember that you have to go
‎to the gala tonight.
‎I'll be there, for sure.
‎As I've watched Emilie falling
‎deeper into an endless sleep,
‎my sadness for her has deepened too.
‎And, little by little,
‎my admiration for Gabriel.
‎A man who'd do anything for his family
‎has turned into something more.
‎I never thought
‎I would have feelings like this.
‎I would do anything for Gabriel Agreste.
‎No matter the cost.
‎-Are you ready?
‎-They've been keeping you
‎from achieving your dream for too long.
‎I will go to any length to end
‎the reign
‎of Ladybug and Cat Noir.
‎Good.
‎-Nathalie, are you all right?
‎Yes. Thank you, sir.
‎I feel a strong negative emotion.
‎We will finish this later.
‎The photoshoot was amazing, Dad.
‎I'm sorry, Father, uh...
‎it was very interesting.
‎You'll tell me all about it later.
‎I am busy at the moment.
‎In that case,
‎can I meet up with my friends?
‎You'll see them at school tomorrow.
‎This negative emotion I'm feeling,
‎it's familiar.
‎Maybe it's your son's emotion.
‎You should spend more time with him.
‎I'm doing all this
‎so he can be happy again.
‎But aren't you in danger of losing him
‎if you continue down this path?
‎ ‎Your father is very busy.
‎ ‎Your Miraculous was not intended
‎to be used in this way.
‎I forbid you to talk to me like that,
‎Nooroo!
‎Nooroo, dark wings rise!
‎What if Nooroo is right?
‎Am I taking too many risks?
‎You have to trust me!
‎-Always.
‎-Quick!
‎-Yeah!
‎-No!
‎I know longer have a choice.
‎I must succeed, at any price!
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise her.
‎You can't be "Miss Weather Girl"
‎and "Miss Good Grades" at the same time!
‎Or she might turn into Stormy Weather
‎and start raining on us!
‎
‎Once a villain, always a villain.
‎ Stormy Weather,
‎people have told you
‎that you'll never change.
‎Well, they're right!
‎People don't change, they grow.
‎This time,
‎your powers will be even stronger,
‎as you know them well.
‎Show them how you're able to control
‎all the forces of Nature!
‎All right, Hawk Moth!
‎-My father will never change.
‎-I like people who never change.
‎That way,
‎you always know what to expect.
‎Look at me! I love eating cheese.
‎Why would I change that?
‎I wouldn't be myself if I did.
‎Does this mean my life will never change?
‎Course not. Don't worry!
‎Think of all that's happened
‎since last summer.
‎You're finally going to school.
‎You know I find it weird for a boy
‎your age to love going to school so much
‎when you could stay home.
‎I was tired of being cooped up at home,
‎never seeing anyone
‎because of my father.
‎I met a lot of friends at school.
‎See? You've already started to change!
‎But Father still hasn't.
‎You sure about that?
‎He didn't punish you after you went
‎to the movies with that girl.
‎ ‎True.
‎We even watched mother's movie together
‎instead.
‎ ‎And you played a duet
‎on the piano with him.
‎ ‎And he allowed me
‎to meet my friends afterwards.
‎And, for once,
‎his birthday gift was amazing.
‎Hey, dude.
‎Yo, nice scarf, Adrien. Off the chains.
‎Yeah, can you believe my dad
‎got this for me?
‎It's so awesome.
‎He's given me the same lame pen
‎for three years in a row.
‎Wow. I guess anyone can change.
‎Adults can be cool
‎when you least expect it.
‎Your father's like a wheel of cheese
‎with a very thick rind.
‎Once you manage to sink
‎your teeth into it,
‎you realize it's all soft inside.
‎Or slightly rotten.
‎You're really gross, but you're right.
‎Thank you.
‎It's not me, I swear!
‎I didn't use my Cataclysm!
‎Oh! What is that?
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎I'm going to use this volcano
‎to move the Earth away from the sun.
‎Soon, the world will plunge
‎into a perpetual winter
‎and earthlings will be nothing
‎but frozen food!
‎Then you'll realize
‎just how powerful I really am!
‎-Can she really do that?
‎-Probably.
‎But don't worry, Kitty.
‎We won't let her rain on Paris' parade!
‎Hey! Was that a pun I heard, Milady?
‎Yup! A little change is good,
‎don't ya think?
‎I love that girl!
‎Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
‎Astronauts confirmed
‎that our planet has shifted off its axis
‎and is moving away from the sun.
‎She seems way stronger
‎-than the first time around.
‎-And it's that brat Chloé's fault again!
‎If only things could go back
‎to the way they were
‎before Hawk Moth.
‎You mean, before we met?
‎No, of course not.
‎I didn't mean it that way.
‎It's weird to think of it,
‎but if it weren't for Hawk Moth,
‎you and I might not be here right now.
‎ ‎Actually,
‎it's thanks to Ladybug we're together.
‎True, and for becoming superheroes too.
‎Both of us.
‎Rena Rouge and Carapace,
‎I need you both.
‎You're Rena Rouge?
‎Of course I am. Trixx, let's pounce!
‎So awesome!
‎Wayzz, shell on!
‎ ‎I suspected you were Carapace
‎from the very beginning.
‎So there's nothing I can hide from you?
‎You've always been a terrible liar!
‎Alya! Nino! That villain that makes
‎the weather bad, she's too scary!
‎-Protect us!
‎- Come on, flyweights!
‎No need to worry. I'll protect you!
‎One thing's for sure,
‎we aren't going anywhere!
‎What is she doing? She needs to come
‎and give me my Miraculous right now!
‎Aren't I the best superhero of them all?
‎Yes, of course you are!
‎-Nobody's nicer than me!
‎- So true, Chloé!
‎Since no one is owning up,
‎the whole school will be punished!
‎What? I'm not so sure my father will react
‎kindly to me being punished without proof.
‎Oh, no!
‎Please don't disturb the busy mayor.
‎The whole school is punished,
‎except for Miss Bourgeois.
‎Sabrina who? I don't know any Sabrina.
‎But of course you do, Chloé.
‎It's me!
‎Your BFF.
‎You should talk to her. She's right here.
‎Hmm? I don't see anyone.
‎I just don't understand
‎why she's not coming!
‎Especially since she could've never
‎defeated Despair Bear without you!
‎-Chloé, would you be so kind?
‎-OK, Ladybug.
‎-Ladybug, what are you doing?
‎-Oh, nothing.
‎Just saving your skin
‎with the help of our new little sidekick.
‎ ‎Then there were the times
‎when you were Queen Bee!
‎I've always dreamed
‎of doing this with you!
‎We must work together as a team,
‎all right, Queen Bee?
‎Venom!
‎Your turn, Ladybug!
‎ Pound it.
‎You really are the best of the best!
‎And Ladybug's such a lamey
‎for being a no-show.
‎Hey, stop it!
‎Don't talk about Ladybug like that!
‎Ah! Finally! Oh!
‎So, Chloé Bourgeois, you still think
‎my power is "utterly ridiculous"?
‎Ugh! This is just proof that I was right.
‎Once a villain, always a villain!
‎You'll never defeat me! I'm a hurricane!
‎ ‎Ouch! It's true.
‎She really is a lot stronger than before!
‎But we're also stronger than before.
‎Cat Noir and I know one another better,
‎and we've learned how to fight together!
‎ We still don't know
‎where his akuma is hidden.
‎This might be a good time
‎to use your Lucky Charm.
‎I needed all of us to make it work.
‎I can't do anything with it now.
‎Over to you, Cat Noir.
‎-We are Ladybug...
‎-And Cat Noir.
‎We've learned to trust each other.
‎Spots off.
‎Claws in.
‎And now we have new superpowers!
‎Aqua Tikki, spots on!
‎Yeah!
‎Plagg Glacier, claws out!
‎We've been through a lot together.
‎We won't let Stormy Weather defeat us.
‎As usual, I completely agree with you,
‎Bugaboo!
‎The further the Earth moves away
‎from the sun, the colder it will get.
‎You're outside. How's it going?
‎We're down to minus 40, Nadja.
‎It's getting very difficult.
‎But Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎have donned ice suits,
‎so they can battle Stormy Weather.
‎Everything OK, Clara?
‎The picture's gone down!
‎The temperature cracked the camera.
‎But I can view the battle.
‎Everything's fine.
‎Icebug just called up her Lucky Charm.
‎She's got... a small object.
‎It looks like a pencil.
‎What is she going to do with that?
‎ Will Ladybug do some coloring?
‎Cat Noir is holding up a copy machine.
‎I can't see much, but it looks like
‎Ladybug is making a photocopy.
‎Whoa! That was a huge flash.
‎Wait!
‎Stormy Weather has been defeated!
‎ Yeah!
‎ Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
‎Queen Bee would have done it
‎a thousand times better and faster!
‎One of these days,
‎I'll send you both into orbit,
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir!
‎ You can do it, Marinette!
‎-‎ ‎Yes?
‎-Uh... Hello. I'm Marinette!
‎I'm in Adrien's class.
‎I'm bringing him the work he missed today
‎and the homework that's due tomorrow.
‎Tell him it's from Marinette,
‎his friend from school
‎and that I did it as a friend,
‎to help him, OK?
‎ ‎I will.
‎"See you tomorrow at school.
‎Love, your friend Marinette."
‎Good job!
‎We've got a new-and-improved Marinette!
‎She's really so amazing and classy.
‎She has always been that way.
‎She never changes,
‎she's just so... Ladybug.
‎You mean like the time she stood you up
‎after you invited her on a romantic date
‎on a Paris rooftop?
‎Or when she told you
‎that she was in love with someone else?
‎I don't want to play around
‎with your feelings.
‎It would be lying to you.
‎-I don't want to do that.
‎You're more than a partner, Cat Noir,
‎you're my friend
‎and I'd never want to lie to a friend.
‎But why do you think it would be lying?
‎Because there's this boy I...
‎There's a boy? Who is... ?
‎ It's...
‎I can't tell you who it is.
‎We can't know anything about each other.
‎Our identities must remain a secret.
‎We're both superheroes, Cat Noir.
‎We don't have a choice.
‎I get it, Ladybug.
‎Your friendship means everything to me.
‎You can keep the rose.
‎It goes with your costume.
‎Why don't you look
‎for another girl to love?
‎One who's actually... available?
‎The heart wants what the heart wants.
‎You can't change your feelings.
‎-Yes?
‎Marinette brought you the lessons
‎you missed today.
‎She copied them out by hand.
‎She wanted me to tell you she did it
‎as a friend, to help you.
‎Thank you, Nathalie.
‎"See you tomorrow at school.
‎Love, your friend Marinette."
‎I'd never noticed Marinette's writing.
‎Remember this unsigned
‎card I got on Valentine's Day?
‎Whoa! Hold up!
‎Someone answered my poem?
‎But I threw it away!
‎"Your hair shines like the sun.
‎Your eyes are gorgeous green.
‎I look at you and wonder
‎your innermost thoughts and dreams.
‎Yes, your Valentine I will be,
‎our love will be so true.
‎Together for eternity,
‎my heart belongs to you."
‎Well, anyone who writes as sickeningly
‎sweet as you must be your soulmate.
‎See you tomorrow. Your friend, Marinette.
‎It couldn't have been from Ladybug,
‎but from someone at school. But Marinette?
‎Phew! Hopefully, he didn't see me.
‎-Hey, Marinette.
‎How's it going?
‎After what happened at your place
‎last night, I was worried--
‎Oh, so you watched the show?
‎Well, uh... Look,
‎about what you saw on the show,
‎-the totographs in my room.
‎-You mean the photographs?
‎The grotographs, exactly!
‎It... it's not what you think.
‎See, I'm really into fashion and, um...
‎Are you lying?
‎No! I'm so not into you.
‎I mean, sure, I'm interested in you,
‎but, um, not in that way.
‎Well, you know.
‎Just teasing. I understand. Don't worry.
‎No, she couldn't possibly
‎be in love with me.
‎She's just a friend who loves fashion.
‎Besides, there's Luka.
‎It's just someone who has similar writing.